==============================================================================
V16 WINTER — 17 ANH CAN GEN LAI
So thu tu duoi day = DUNG SO ANH THAT trong thu muc anh (khong danh lai 1..17).
Ly do gen lai: model lat nen thanh DEN + dao net thanh trang, sai voi prompt (nen sang).
Prompt da duoc siet them cau chan: nen KHONG duoc den, net van DEN tren nen sang.
==============================================================================

CACH LAM:
  1. Gen 17 prompt o phan duoi VAO 1 THU MUC RONG MOI, 1 LUOT duy nhat.
  2. Dem du dung 17 file.
  3. Neu tool tu dat ten 001..017 theo bo dem (khong theo so prompt) thi chay:
        bash apply_fix.sh <thu-muc-vua-gen> ~/Downloads/Doodle_Batch_1785223964277
     Neu tool dat ten dung theo so prompt (001,002,009,023...) thi chep thang de len,
     khong can chay script.

------------------------------------------------------------------------------
BANG DOI CHIEU (thu tu gen tu tren xuong)
------------------------------------------------------------------------------
 STT  NEN DUNG         LOI DOC
001.  TRANG tinh       Put your hand on the back of your neck.
002.  TRANG tinh       It's warm.
009.  TRANG tinh       that decides what season it is inside your house.
023.  NGA (off-white)  Every single person standing behind you in your family line,
025.  TRANG tinh       made it to spring.
045.  TRANG tinh       You put something between your skin and the air.
049.  TRANG tinh       and it was never coming back.
051.  TRANG tinh       We date it with lice.
068.  XANH BANG nhat   It's a cold blanket.
073.  XANH BANG nhat   And the clever part isn't the walls.
076.  XANH BANG nhat   like water finding the lowest point in a room.
078.  KHAKI am         The cold rolls down into the entrance tunnel and lies there,
113.  TRANG tinh       Fair.
159.  XANH BANG nhat   Which brings us back to the person in the t-shirt in February.
162.  XANH BANG nhat   And yours doesn't,
165.  TRANG tinh       You have a number on a dial.
166.  XANH BANG nhat   Every winter of your entire life,

==============================================================================
17 PROMPT — DAN TU DAY XUONG HET FILE (giu nguyen thu tu)
==============================================================================

001.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, the recurring modern guy, the same plain black-outline STICK FIGURE with a plain round BALD white head and NO hair (just a simple face), a bare thin stick-line body (NO clothing, NO filled body shape), thin noodle arms and legs, simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, standing calmly with one mitten hand reaching up and resting flat on the back of his own neck, calm neutral face, eyes looking slightly sideways. Framing: a tight CLOSE-UP on the character's face and shoulders, the expressive face filling most of the frame. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is a plain pure WHITE background; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

002.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, the recurring modern guy, the same plain black-outline STICK FIGURE with a plain round BALD white head and NO hair (just a simple face), a bare thin stick-line body (NO clothing, NO filled body shape), thin noodle arms and legs, simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, with his hand still on the back of his neck, eyes closed in mild contentment, three tiny curved warm-orange heat lines rising from under his hand. Framing: a tight CLOSE-UP on the character's face and shoulders, the expressive face filling most of the frame. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is a plain pure WHITE background; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

009.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, the same big round thermostat dial drawn large and centred, with a small flat yellow sun doodle floating to its left and a small flat blue snowflake doodle floating to its right, a thin black arrow curving from the snowflake round to the sun. No people in the frame. Framing: a flat head-on diagram view, the subject drawn big and centered. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is a plain pure WHITE background; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

023.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, the recurring modern guy, the same plain black-outline STICK FIGURE with a plain round BALD white head and NO hair (just a simple face), a bare thin stick-line body (NO clothing, NO filled body shape), thin noodle arms and legs, simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, standing large on the right side of the frame, and a long receding line of many tiny plain black-outline stickmen standing shoulder to shoulder stretching away from him to the far left edge, each one smaller than the last. Framing: a WIDE shot, the subject fairly small inside a large empty frame. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is one flat off-white ivory colour filling the whole frame; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

025.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, one small flat green sprout with two round leaves pushing up out of a short flat brown ground mark, drawn large and centred, with a small flat yellow sun doodle above it. No people in the frame. Framing: a medium shot, the subject drawn big and centered with clean breathing space around it. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is a plain pure WHITE background; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

045.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, a simple flat side-view diagram drawn large and centred: one horizontal flat pink skin band at the bottom, one flat brown hide layer resting above it, and open space above that, with two short thin black arrows pointing up out of the skin and stopping at the hide layer. No people in the frame. Framing: a flat head-on diagram view, the subject drawn big and centered. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is a plain pure WHITE background; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

049.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, the same faint black DOTTED empty outline of a coat drawn large and centred, with one bold RED X drawn straight across it. No people in the frame. Framing: a flat head-on diagram view, the subject drawn big and centered. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is a plain pure WHITE background; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

051.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, one cute flat brown louse drawn very large and centred, a simple rounded body in flat solid brown with six tiny legs and a little friendly face with two big round eyes. No people in the frame. Framing: a flat head-on diagram view, the subject drawn big and centered. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is a plain pure WHITE background; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

068.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, the same simple flat pale blue folded blanket drawn very large and centred with one small flat white snowflake resting on top of it. No people in the frame. Framing: a medium shot, the subject drawn big and centered with clean breathing space around it. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is one flat pale ice-blue colour filling the whole frame; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

073.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, one tall plain flat grey wall slab drawn large and centred with one bold RED X drawn across it. No people in the frame. Framing: a flat head-on diagram view, the subject drawn big and centered. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is one flat pale ice-blue colour filling the whole frame; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

076.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, one simple square room outline drawn with clean thin black lines, tilted slightly, with a flat pale blue liquid pool settling into the lowest corner and a few small blue droplets running down toward it. No people in the frame. Framing: a flat head-on diagram view, the subject drawn big and centered. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is one flat pale ice-blue colour filling the whole frame; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

078.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, the same simple flat side-view cutaway diagram with the sunken entrance tunnel on the left, and a flat pale blue mass rolling down the slope and settling along the bottom of the tunnel, with two thin blue arrows pointing down into it. No people in the frame. Framing: a flat head-on diagram view, the subject drawn big and centered. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is one flat warm sandy KHAKI colour filling the whole frame; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

113.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, the recurring modern guy, the same plain black-outline STICK FIGURE with a plain round BALD white head and NO hair (just a simple face), a bare thin stick-line body (NO clothing, NO filled body shape), thin noodle arms and legs, simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, tilting his head slightly with one mitten hand raised palm-up in a small conceding gesture, a flat straight deadpan mouth, eyebrows level. Framing: a tight CLOSE-UP on the character's face and shoulders, the expressive face filling most of the frame. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is a plain pure WHITE background; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

159.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, a plain black-outline stickman with a round bald white head wearing a simple flat blue short-sleeved t-shirt, standing relaxed with a calm content half smile, several small flat white snowflakes drifting around him. Framing: a medium shot, the subject drawn big and centered with clean breathing space around it. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is one flat pale ice-blue colour filling the whole frame; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

162.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, one large round burner control dial drawn with clean white lines with its short needle turned all the way to the left, and one very tiny pale flame doodle barely visible above it. No people in the frame. Framing: a flat head-on diagram view, the subject drawn big and centered. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is one flat pale ice-blue colour filling the whole frame; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

165.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, one big round thermostat dial drawn very large and centred with a flat white face, a clean black outline, a short black needle and a bold black number on its face. No people in the frame. Framing: a flat head-on diagram view, the subject drawn big and centered. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is a plain pure WHITE background; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, a large bold black number "72" printed clearly on the dial face. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.

166.
Clean flat 2D cartoon explainer with smooth, even, confident medium-bold black outlines (single clean strokes, not scratchy, not wobbly, not heavy marker), a crisp minimalist educational look, one long horizontal black timeline line running the full width of the frame with a row of many small flat white snowflakes sitting evenly spaced along it. No people in the frame. Framing: a WIDE shot, the subject fairly small inside a large empty frame. The people are clean STICK-FIGURE doodles: a LARGE round white-filled head with a simple expressive face (two big round white eyes with small black pupils, thin expressive eyebrows, a tiny mouth, no nose) sitting on a THIN body made of clean black lines (a single medium-weight line for the torso plus thin noodle arms and legs) — NOT a filled or solid body shape, just clean stick lines, with simple rounded mitten hands and small oval feet, ALWAYS drawn as the SAME stickman, kept identical in every image. The modern man has a BALD round head with NO hair; ONLY ancient characters have hair. The body is bare line-art with no colour fill; a character only wears a garment if their own description names it. Any animals and props are simple and cute in flat SOLID COLOUR (never black-and-white), each animal a simple cute character with a little face, drawn with more detail and body volume than the simple stick people. Clean smooth evenly-weighted outlines (confident single strokes, not sketchy, not wobbly); flat colours, NO gradient shading, a clean flat digital-explainer look, evenly drawn (not 3D, not glossy). ONE single scene showing ONLY ONE instance of the character; no model sheet, no multiple poses, no grid, no panels, no split frames; the background is one flat pale ice-blue colour filling the whole frame; IMPORTANT — this is a LIGHT-BACKGROUND image: the background must be the light colour named above and must NOT be black, NOT dark, NOT inverted; the line art stays BLACK on the light background, never white-on-black; the people are drawn as white-filled black-outline doodles with a soft light-grey shadow under them; keep the composition very minimal with ONE clear idea and a LOT of clean empty space around the subject, roughly two thirds of the frame left empty; NO detailed environment, NO drawn landscape, NO horizon line, NO texture, NO gradient — the background is one single perfectly flat colour edge to edge; RED is the accent colour for danger and warnings and a big red X to negate an idea, GREEN for a check mark or safe, a small YELLOW lightbulb for an idea, no text or letters. Family-friendly, wholesome, cute, gentle, non-violent, no blood, no gore, no injury. no gradients, no textures, no photorealism, no 3D, no glossy render, no sketchy scratchy lines, no extra limbs or fingers, no watermark, no logo, no frame borders, no duplicate characters, no collage, no picture-in-picture, 16:9, clean educational YouTube explainer doodle style.
